Doc add environment variable (#867)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/tutorials/add-environment-variable.md

# Introducing new Environment Variable

This document is part of the Appwrite contributors' guide. Before you continue reading this document make sure you have read the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/appwrite/appwrite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/appwrite/appwrite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Getting Started

### Agenda
Adding new features may require various configurations options to be set by the users. And for such options we use environment variables in Appwrite.

This tutorial will cover, how to properly add new environment variable in Appwrite.

### Naming environment varialbe

> The environment variables in Appwrite is prefixed with `_APP_`. Then if it belongs to specific cateogry, the category name is appended as `_APP_REDIS` for redis category. Finally the properly describing name is given to the variable as `_APP_REDIS_HOST` for redis host.

Reviewer: Mention list of categories is available at https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables

> ### Describe new environment variable

Reviewer: Add a note that this data is also used to generate the website documentation at https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables

Reviewer 2: Describe a new environment variable *

First of all we add the new environment variable to `app/config/variables.php` under specific category. If none of the categories fit, add it in general category. Copy the existing variables description to create new one so that you will not miss any required fields.

### Add to .env and Dockerfile

> If newly introduced environment variable has a default value, add it to the `.env` and `Dockerfile` along with other environment variables.

Reviewer: Add a note that we use the .env file as setting for the Appwrite development environment.

Reviewer: Still pending

### Add to docker compose file and template

> Add the new environment variables to the `docker-compose.yml` and `app/views/install/compose.phtml` for each docker services that require access to those environment variables.

Reviewer: Mention docker-compose.yml is used by Appwrite maintainers while compose.phtml is used for the Appwrite setup script.

With these steps, your environment variable is properly added and can be accessed inside Appwrite code or any other containers where it is passed. You can access and use those variables to implement the features you are trying to implement.

If everything goes well, commit and initiate a PR and wait for the Appwrite team's approval.

> Whooho! you have successfully added new environment variable to Appwrite.

Reviewer: This requires a celebration emoji!! 😉

Reviewer: The more emojis the better hehe

Reviewer: Hehe I mean inside the tutorial, make it happier add emojis 😃

# Introducing new Environment Variable

This document is part of the Appwrite contributors' guide. Before you continue reading this document make sure you have read the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/appwrite/appwrite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/appwrite/appwrite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Getting Started

### Agenda
Adding new features may require various configurations options to be set by the users. And for such options we use environment variables in Appwrite.

> This tutorial will cover, how to properly add new environment variable in Appwrite.

Reviewer 2: a new environment *

### Naming environment varialbe

> The environment variables in Appwrite is prefixed with `_APP_`. Then if it belongs to specific cateogry, the category name is appended as `_APP_REDIS` for redis category. The available categories are General, Redis, MariaDB, InfluxDB, StatsD, SMTP, Storage and Functions. Finally the properly describing name is given to the variable as `_APP_REDIS_HOST` for redis host. You can find more information on available categories and existing environment variables at [environment variables doc](https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables).

Reviewer 2: in Appwrite are *

Then if it belongs  <- remove the Then

 to a specific cateogry *

for the Redis category *

> The environment variables in Appwrite are prefixed with `_APP_`. If it belongs to a specific cateogry, the category name is appended as `_APP_REDIS` for the redis category. The available categories are General, Redis, MariaDB, InfluxDB, StatsD, SMTP, Storage and Functions. Finally the properly describing name is given to the variable as `_APP_REDIS_HOST` for redis host. You can find more information on available categories and existing environment variables at [environment variables doc](https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The environment variables in Appwrite are prefixed with `_APP_`. If it belongs to a specific cateogry, the category name is appended as `_APP_REDIS` for the redis category. The available categories are General, Redis, MariaDB, InfluxDB, StatsD, SMTP, Storage and Functions. Finally the properly describing name is given to the variable as `_APP_REDIS_HOST` for redis host. You can find more information on available categories and existing environment variables in the [environment variables doc](https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables).
```

Reviewer 3: Also I don't fully understand this sentence. Maybe we can rephrase it ? 
>Finally the properly describing name is given to the variable as `_APP_REDIS_HOST` for redis host.

### Describe new environment variable

> First of all we add the new environment variable to `app/config/variables.php` under specific category. If none of the categories fit, add it in general category. Copy the existing variables description to create new one so that you will not miss any required fields.

Reviewer 2: First of all, we *

in the designated category. *

add it to the General category *

Copy the existing variables description to create a new one, so that you will not miss any required fields. *

> These information are also used to generate the website documentation at https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables, so please use proper information that clearly defines the purpose and other required info about the environment variable that you are adding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This information is also used to generate the website documentation at https://appwrite.io/docs/environment-variables, so please use proper information that clearly defines the purpose and other required info about the environment variable that you are adding.
```

### Add to .env and Dockerfile
If newly introduced environment variable has a default value, add it to the `.env` and `Dockerfile` along with other environment variables. `.env` file uses settings for Appwrite development environment.

### Add to docker compose file and template
Add the new environment variables to the `docker-compose.yml` and `app/views/install/compose.phtml` for each docker services that require access to those environment variables.

The `docker-compose.yml` file is used by the Appwrite maintainers during development where as `app/views/install/compose.phtml` file is used by the Appwrite setup script.

> With these steps, your environment variable is properly added and can be accessed inside Appwrite code or any other containers where it is passed. You can access and use those variables to implement the features you are trying to implement.

Reviewer 2: accessed inside Appwrite code and any other containers *

You can access and use those variables to implement the features you are trying to achieve. *

> If everything goes well, commit and initiate a PR and wait for the Appwrite team's approval.

Reviewer 2: If everything went well *
